Add consisteny check urgent doc (#11287)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/consistency-check-urgent.rst

##############################
Consistency Checker Urgent
##############################

| Author: Zhe Wang
| Reviewer: Jingyu Zhou
| Audience: FDB developers, SREs and expert users.

> In a FoundationDB (FDB) key-value cluster, every key-value pair is copied across multiple storage servers. 

Reviewer: `s/copied/replicated/`

> The Consistency Checker Urgent tool is used to validate the consistency of all replica for each key-value pair. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Consistency Checker Urgent tool can be used to validate the consistency of all replicas for each key-value pair. 
```

If any data inconsistency is detected, the tool generates ConsistencyCheck_DataInconsistent trace events for the corresponding shard. 
There are two types of data inconsistencies: 

1. Value mismatch, where the value of a key on one server differs from that on another server, 
2. Unique key, where a key exists on one server but not on another. 

The ConsistencyCheck_DataInconsistent trace event helps differentiate between these two types of corruption.

Key features
============
The Consistency Checker Urgent tool is designed to ensure safe, fast, and comprehensive checking of data consistency across the entire key space 

> (i.e., " " ~ "\xff\xff"). It achieves this through the following features:

Reviewer: is this true? `\xff` key space is also checked (I guess the default is not including it)?

Author: Yes. It is true. See: CONSISTENCY_CHECK_URGENT_RANGE_END_0

* End-to-end completeness check --- The checker continues until all ranges are marked as complete.
* Scalability --- Adding more testers results in nearly linear speedup with the number of testers.

> * Progress monitoring --- A single trace event indicates the remaining number of shards to check.

Reviewer: Please add the actual event name here.

> * Independence from the existing cluster --- The tool does not store any data in the FDB system key space.

Reviewer: `s/the FDB system key space/the cluster being checked/`

* Tracking progress with the existing checker is challenging. In contrast, ConsistencyCheckerUrgent provides clear progress information.
* The existing checker is limited to checking the entire key space, while ConsistencyCheckerUrgent allows users to specify any key range for checking.

Distributed consistency-checking model
======================================
The ConsistencyCheckerUrgent system conducts consistency checks in a distributed, client-server manner. It comprises a centralized leader (referred to as the Checker) and N agents (referred to as Testers). The Checker manages the checking process by:

* Collecting ranges for checking.
* Assigning ranges to agents.
* Collecting results from agents.
* Managing the progress of checking.

The agents perform consistency checking tasks, comparing every key in the assigned range across all source servers at a specific version. As agents complete tasks or encounter failures, the leader is informed and updates the progress of the checking process accordingly.

Workflow
========

The checker operates in the following steps:

> 1. Initially, the checker loads the range to check from a knob (which defaults to " " ~ "\xff\xff").

Reviewer: Better provide the knob name here.

2. The checker contacts the cluster controller (CC) to obtain the tester interfaces.

> 3. The checker continues to contact the CC until it receives a sufficient number of testers (as set by the knob).

Reviewer: ditto. knob name
